Streamline UI string style - part 1 (#43105)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/authentication/multi-factor-auth.markdown

    - type: totp
```

If no `auth_mfa_modules` configuration section is defined in `configuration.yaml` a TOTP module named **Authenticator app** will be autoloaded.

You will need an authenticator app on your phone. We recommend either [Google Authenticator](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/1066447) or [Authy](https://authy.com/). Both are available for iOS or Android.

1. Restart Home Assistant.
2. Go to your {% my profile title="**User profile**" %} and select the **Security** tab.
3. In the **Multi-factor authentication modules** section, select **Enable** and a new secret key will be generated.
4. Go to your phone app and enter the key, either by scanning the QR code or typing in the key below the QR code manually.

    <img src='/images/docs/authentication/mfa.png' alt='Screenshot of setting up multi-factor authentication' style='border: 0;box-shadow: none;'>

    {% caution %}
    Please treat the secret key like a password - never expose it to others.
    {% endcaution %}

6. Your phone app will now start generating a different six-digit code every thirty seconds or so. 

> 7. Enter one of these into Home Assistant under the QR code where it asks for a **Code**.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Your phone app will now start generating a different six-digit code every thirty seconds or so. 
6. Enter one of these into Home Assistant under the QR code where it asks for a **Code**.
```
